Templates: update documentation (#3766)
kyma-project/test-infra: templates/README.md

Jobs and Prow configuration are generated from templates. The `templates` directory has the following structure:

> - `data` which is the subdirectory with files that describes jobs that the [Render Templates](../development/tools/cmd/rendertemplates) tool should generate using job definitions from templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data`, which is the subdirectory with files that describe jobs that the [Render Templates](../development/tools/cmd/rendertemplates) tool should generate using job definitions from templates.
```

I assume the files describe jobs, not the subdirectory describes jobs?

Author: yes

- `templates` which is the subdirectory with all template files that supply the definition of [Prow jobs](../prow/jobs) used in Kyma.

> - `config.yaml` which is the configuration file that describes configuration and jobs that the [Render Templates](../development/tools/cmd/rendertemplates) tool should generate using job definitions from templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `config.yaml`, which is the configuration file that describes configuration and jobs that the [Render Templates](../development/tools/cmd/rendertemplates) tool should generate using job definitions from templates.
```

The template list includes:

> - `generic.tmpl` that is used to create most of the job definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `generic.tmpl`, which is used to create most of the job definitions.
```

- `kyma-github-release.yaml` that is used for creating the GitHub release after merging the release branch to the `main` branch.
- `prow-config.yaml` that serves to create the main Prow configuration without job definitions.
- `releases.go.tmpl` that contains a set of functions for the release which provide the list of currently supported releases and all supported Kyma release branches.

> - `testgrid-default.yaml`that defines a set of testgrid dashbords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `testgrid-default.yaml`, which defines a set of testgrid dashbords.
```

> - `whitesource-periodics.tmpl` that defines a set of periodic jobs that run Whitesource scan. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `whitesource-periodics.tmpl`, which defines a set of periodic jobs that run a Whitesource scan. 
```

- `global` with a map of values available for all templates
- `templates` with a list of files to generate

The .yaml files in `data` directory have one key:

- `templates` with a list of files to generate

> The `config.yaml` and .yaml files in the `data` directory serves as the input file for the Render Templates that generates the jobs based on the file definition and templates which it specifies. These files define the names of the output file, their location, and configuration referred to in `values`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `config.yaml` and .yaml files in the `data` directory serve as the input files for the Render Templates, which generate the jobs based on the file definition and templates that it specifies. These files define the names of the output file, their location, and configuration referred to in `values`.
```

"...that it specifies" - what is "it" ? the directory? Can we maybe split the first sentence in two?

Author: "It" should be the files, each one contains information about used template and all values used during the generation.

> See the example of `application-gateway` in which the `generic.taml` template is used to create the component and test-related YAML files using values defined by the **kyma_generic_component** parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example of `application-gateway`, in which the `generic.taml` template is used to create the component and test-related YAML files using values defined by the **kyma_generic_component** parameter.
```

                  postConfigs:
                    - "jobConfig_postsubmit"
                    - "disable_testgrid"
        - to: ../prow/jobs/kyma/tests/application-gateway-tests/application-gateway-tests-generic.yaml
        jobConfigs:
          - repoName: "github.com/kyma-project/kyma"
            jobs:
              - jobConfig:
                  path: tests/application-gateway-tests
                  args:
                    - "/home/prow/go/src/github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tests/application-gateway-tests"
                  run_if_changed: "^tests/application-gateway-tests/|^common/makefiles/"
                  release_since: "1.7"
                inheritedConfigs:
                  global:
                    - "jobConfig_default"
                    - "image_buildpack-golang"
                    - "jobConfig_generic_component"
                    - "jobConfig_generic_component_kyma"
                    - "extra_refs_test-infra"
                  preConfigs:
                    - "jobConfig_presubmit"
                  postConfigs:
                    - "jobConfig_postsubmit"
                    - "disable_testgrid"
```

### Component templates

> Component jobs are defined similarly to a regular job, with the exception that `name` field has to be empty, as it will be generated by the Render Templates tool; and `path` value has to be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Component jobs are defined similarly to a regular job, with the exception that the `name` field must be empty (because the name is generated by the Render Templates tool), and the `path` value must be set.
```

Component job will generate presubmit and postsubmit jobs for the next release, and by default, it will also generate these jobs for supported releases.

> The rest of the values will be copied from the main jobConfig to the generated ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of the values is copied from the main jobConfig to the generated ones.
```

A template receives two objects as input:
- `Values` which contains all the values specified under `values` in the `config.yaml` file.
- `Global` which contains values specified under `global` in the `config.yaml` file.

See the description of values used by component job templates:

| Name | Required | Description |
|------| :-------------: |------|

> | **name** | No | Name must not be set, as it will be generated for each job. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **name** | No | Name must not be set. It is generated for each job. |
```
